Claude. Below are the changes that Must be implemented and fixes applied and tested. These are very important for us to succeed. Pay huge attention not to break existing functionality that works and not mentioned here.


The problems you need are listed below and cover only 3 horizontal menu items: Notepad++, File, and Edit. If a particular item is not listed it means don't touch it.


This is a Markdown file where single single number sign marks Top Horizontal menu item. Three number signs mark sub-menu item under major horizontal menu item.

Think hard and ask questions if you are not clear.


# Notepad ++ Menu

In the About Notepad ++ Menu Item Change: 'Notepad++' text to 'Notepad++ for MacOS'

Remove Preferences Menu Item in the Notepad++ Menu



# File Menu (Items)

### Save 

I made changes to existing file outside of .notepad++ folder and instead of silently saving it, 
the dialog (screenshot: ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/test03162026/file_save_popup.png ) popups once and sometimes twice, sometimes 3 times with the Reload and Ignore buttons. No popup should show up saving any existing file. It has to be be silent.

Save in the Tab Right Click menu Experiences same Issues with popup instead of silent Save.

Looks like popup stops and the Save goes to silent after I use Save As, save the file as some other file and keep updating it. You must fix this behavior.
 

### Save All
Exibits same behavior as Save. Pops up this dialog multiple times (screenshot: ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/test03162026/file_save_popup.png) 
Should save all existing files located outside the .notepad++ folder silently


Note: I closed saved file in Notepad++ and opened in VS Code. Upon saving it in VS Code I see popups in Notepad++ (screenshot: ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/test03162026/file_save_popup.png )
although the file is not located in any tab. 

### Open Folder as Workspace

1. Opens up the folder browsing panel. See folder_as_workspace.png
We have this item already. It is located in the [View Menu]   >> [Folder Tree]
Link the panel behind [View Menu] >> [Folder Tree] to  [File Menu] >> [Open Folder as Workspace].
Then Remove item [Folder Tree] from the [View Menu]

2. Rename panel [Folder Tree] to the [Folder as Workspace].

3. Add 3 small buttons to the [Folder as Workspace] panel and align to the right in this sequence with these actions behind each button: 

    Action Name: Unfold all folders,  Action: Should unfold all folders and subfolders  in the panel
Icon:  ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/resources/icons/light/panels/workspace/unfoldall.png

    Action Name: Fold all  Action: Folds all folders and subfolders
Icon:  ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/resources/icons/light/panels/workspace/foldall.png  

    Action Name: Locate current file Action: Selects the file behind Active tab in the directory structure. The file should exist on the disk.
Icon:  ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/resources/icons/light/panels/workspace/locate_current_file.png   
 

3. Add the close or x button to close the Open Folder as Workspace panel

3. Add the title to the Panel call it 'Folder as Workspace'.

You can see the screen how existing  Folder as Workspace panel looks 
(screenshot: ./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/test03162026/folder_as_workspace.png) 



# Edit Menu
 
### Begin/End Select

This menu item is a toggle on/off with a checkbox and activated via a shortcut Ctrl+Shift+B and allow a user to select a large block of text from cursor to curson. Look into original notepad++ windows source code to make it work. You can assign another shortcut maybe ^ Sift + B


### Begin/End Select in Column Mode

This menu also works as a toggle with a checkbox displayed that switches it on and another click on it switches it off. It's also activated via a shortcut Alt+Shift+B. Maybe on Mac use Option + Shift + B. You have to look into original notepad++ windows source code to make it work.


### Comment/Uncomment

Assign spesific shortcuts to this menu's sub-menu actions. 
Look at the windows notepad++ code to compare. I took a screenshot of the original menu. You need to replicate these and add shortcuts. 
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/line_comment_option.png

### Auto-Completion

You need to compleely fix these. The autocompletion works for text that is already inside the file. However, you need to implement all other items, add shortcuts and make sure they all work. Windows version items are attached in the below screenshot.
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/autocompletion_items.png

### EOL Conversion

All 3 of these need to be fixed. They don't work.  One of these menu items which is related to current OS should be dimmed/inactive and as user switches to another say Windows, the windows item should become inactive menu item. 

This item is tightly related/connected to a toolbar button called 'Show All Characters' which doesn't seem to work. See 
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/show_all_characters.png

That's not a simple button but it has a drop-down to it. Also in the screenshot see how text in the file seem to look after these views are toggles.. 

You should make them work and look exactly as in the windows version.

### Blank Operations

Here is the original menu from Windows version. Review what we have and what's in the original version. 
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/blank_operations.png

Our actions seem to work on the entire file. It has to be fixed to work only inside the selection.


### Paste Special

Analyze meticulously how it works in Windows version. Refer to the original source. Review all in MacOs version. For example, paste HTML pastes some header lines along with HTML in Windows version. MacOs Notepad ++ version somehow pasts HTML in a single line.

Here is an example header that is pasted in Windows Notepad++ 
paste HTML action.

Version:0.9
StartHTML:0000000262
EndHTML:0000012421
StartFragment:0000000298
EndFragment:0000012385
SourceURL:https://www.msn.com/en-us/movies/oscars/the-oscars-are-a-lost-cause/ar-AA1YJPX2?ocid=msedgdhp&pc=U531&cvid=69b9b47b2a6f429db5019b4ca07b9feb&ei=10


### On Selection

Analyze the original menu and functions in the windows notepad++ code. Look at the menu acreenshot I took here 
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/on_selection.png


### Column Mode

In Windows version there is a popup that explains how to use it. Should be same in Macos version

./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/column_mode_popup.png

### Column Editor

Look at the original Windows screen. It should be build same in MacOs version. Also make inserted characters be inserted all the way to the end of the text in a file. Right now it doesn't work like this.
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/column_editor.png


### Read-Only Attribute (MacOS)
It again pops up this dialog
./notepad-plus-plus-macos/test-results-03162026/test03162026/file_save_popup.png

However, it should just set the read only file attribute in the OS considering the file exists outside of .notebook++ folder


